Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: aether
Version: 0.3.37
Summary: Welcome to the Aether Platform
Home-page: https://davidbernat.github.io/aether-user/html/index.html
Author: David Bernat
Author-email: david@starlight.ai
License: UNKNOWN
Description: # Welcome to Aether
        
        The Aether platform is a system of applications and utilities for developers to rapidly and easily build algorithms
        that use satellite and geospatial data. The Aether platform is accessible by REST API and python, but operates
        entirely in the cloud using deferred graphs. This allows developers to build and execute applications with processing
        abstracted away and minimal data transfer. An important consequence of this design choice is that the same algorithm
        code developers use during exploration can be repackaged and deployed as mobile or web applications. These
        applications are entirely portable, and can be published to users or other developers through a simple URL key.
        In that regard, the Aether platform is an SDK for satellite analytics and framework for mobile end user applications.
        
        The platform currently supports search of three publicly available Resources: The LandSat Archive (LandSat 4
        through 8), Sentinel-2, and the USDA Cropland Data Layer, a 30m map of the US categorizing the agricultural land use
        annually.
        
        The platform is designed to rapidly add new data layers, making them available through the same interface. Resources
        can be hosted by Aether, or made accessible via owner API, and restricted to a subset of users. The usage of each
        Resource and its geographic usage is tracked as well.
        
        The Aether platform is designed to allow user-developers to compile and publish their applications as easily as they
        prototype, often with the same code. This tutorial demonstrates a developer creating an application that generates
        an NDVI map from LandSat imagery for an arbitrary polygon, which does not need to be specified until runtime by
        the end user (or mobile device).
        
Keywords: satellite,imagery,remote sensing,starlight,platform,gis
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 3 - Alpha
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: GIS
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Atmospheric Science
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Information Analysis
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Physics
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.2
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.5
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.6
